docs: document bootstrap stages (#78)
kinvolk/racker: docs/usage/bootstrap.md

`-exclude="aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:11 aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:22"` or `"-exclude=aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:11 aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:22"` or `-exclude "$(cat my_exclude_file)"`.
The nodes won't get provisioned regardless whether they have the same node type that is used for controller or storage nodes.

## Bootstrap Stages

Racker displays the progress of the different stages by updating the terminal output.
The first stage checks whether all BMCs are rechable through IPMI.
When encountering failures, the process should be restarted, possibly with excluding problematic nodes through the `-exclude` flag.
The second stage checks that the initial OS installation via PXE completes.
On failure, it offers to retry or exclude problematic nodes depending on the `-onfailure` flag.

> Here an example for a Flatcar Container Linux provisioning that automatically excludes two nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a Flatcar Container Linux provisioning that automatically excluded two nodes:
```

```
➤ Checking BMC connectivity (10/10)... ✓ done
➤ OS installation via PXE (8/10)... × failed
Failed to provision the following 2 nodes:
aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:11 aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:22
You can see logs in /home/core/flatcar-container-linux/logs/2021-05-07_17-11-59, run 'ipmi <MAC|DOMAIN> diag' for a short overview of a node, connect to the serial console via 'ipmi <MAC|DOMAIN>', or try to connect via SSH.
Something went wrong, removing 2 nodes from config and retrying 1/3
➤ OS installation via PXE (8/8)... ✓ done
```

For Lokomotive there are additional stages. First the Kubernetes API bring-up, then the cluster health check, and finally the Lokomotive Component installation.

> When some nodes to not join the cluster, the health check stage offers to retry or exclude problematic nodes depending on the `-onfailure` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When some nodes do not join the cluster, the health check stage offers to retry or exclude problematic nodes depending on the `-onfailure` flag.
```

Even with all nodes present the cluster health check may still fail due to other reasons.

> Here an example for a completely successful Lokomotive provisioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a completely successful Lokomotive provisioning:
```
